444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.

Digital computing is involved in many things today. Basically it is involved in ever process today. 
Whether it is banking, trading, communication or travel, computing technology is in every one of those. 
But this can have positive and negative Side effects. 
It is known that the social status of a person is easily manipulated in our world. 
With Facebook it is very easily to manipulate large amounts of people by posting specific things on their wall. 
Also for some people it is very easy to bully people. Because people think they are anonymous on the Internet they are more 
likely to harass and bully people. Also it is a thing on the Internet to have as many friends are possible. But none of them are 
real friends and you cannot riley on them like you can on real friends. Also it leads to Person not having any real social 
connections and in the end they are going to be alone for a long time. Also people cannot see the difference between their 
online and real friends. They are behaving way different online than in real life. When looking for people in the real life 
they fail because the think it is all the same. But making friends is harder than just pressing a button with the word “Accept”.
There are many ways computing technology can help the human kind. Computers able to perform millions of calculations in a 
few seconds. With new algorithms they are able to predict events before they happen. Today computers are also able to learn 
from their experience. That’s also how most advertising online works: The search engines saves what you are looking for and 
from that filters out what you are going to see. In total this all sums up to one technology which could fix every problem 
is our world, artificial intelligence. An artificial intelligence would have unimaginable power now days. Everything is connected 
and through the Internet so an AI would know everything and it could also interpret this data in real time. Finding weaknesses in our society, anticipating resource shortness’s, finding threats to people and many other things. Some of this technology is already used today, for example in the stock market. Most transactions are done by high frequent algorithms which sell and buy papers for their customers, ensuring an increase in money.
All in all it can be said that computers have uninmaginable power when programmed the right way. They can do things faster and 
more efficient that humans ever could do. But there is also the risk that we could become too dependent on those helpers and forget 
to solve problems on our own.
